c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\obj\Debug\UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Dynamitey.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\ImpromptuInterface.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.pdb
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\dima9\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitTests\UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.xml
